# Color Beans

![bean](android/res/drawable-xhdpi/ic_launcher.png)

Color Beans is a Tetris like blocks (called beans) game. While in Tetris
the goal is to complete rows of blocks, in Color Beans the goal is to
link beans of the same color. If there is at least 4 beans of the same
color linked together, they will be freed (deleted) and the player will
score.

This game is a clone of Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine (called Puyo
Puyo in Japan), but it does not use any assets or code from the original
game. It is for learning purpose only.

For more details on the game mechanics, watch videos of the Dr.
Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine game or read the source code documentation,
for example, the [Map](core/src/com/vpjardim/colorbeans/Map.java) class.

## License

Licensor: VinÃ­cius Jardim

Year: 2016

Object Form: mechanical transformation or translation of a source form,
including but not limited to compiled object code, generated
documentation, and conversions to other media types.

Work: all the files of this project, including all assets, sources or
Object Form.

Please use this Work for personal or learning purpose only. Do not sell,
publish or redistribute any Object Form or Object Form derivation of
this project. Do not sell, publish or redistribute the assets or source
code, including derivations, in GitHub*, other site or media.

> \* You are allowed to fork this repo and work at your fork, send pull
requests and report issues here in GitHub only.

Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to
in writing, Licensor provides the Work on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
You are solely responsible for using the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions.
